Updates for TELCODOCS-260 and TELCODOCS-262 - PTP events 4.9 (#35889)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/installing-ptp-operator.adoc

// Assembly included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/configuring-ptp.adoc

[id="installing-ptp-operator_{context}"]
= Installing the PTP Operator
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: installing-ptp

> As a cluster administrator, you can install the PTP Operator using the OpenShift Container Platform CLI or the web console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a cluster administrator, you can install the PTP Operator using either the {product-title} CLI or the web console. Complete one of the following procedures:
```
